# CS305
Final project from CS 305
This file contains the final Maven project for the course, it's source codes and necessary other files.

Artemis financial is a financial institution that needed greater security in its application. The areas we dealt in are encryption, http/https and library security. 
What did you do particularly well in identifying their software security vulnerabilities? Why is it important to code securely? What value does software security add to a company’s overall wellbeing? I recognized their need for encryption and put it into work using AES. It is important to code securely so you can identify problems during the SDLC and address them. The value security adds to a company is it is more trustworthy from the company and client sides of things. 

What about the process of working through the vulnerability assessment did you find challenging or helpful? I found suppressing false positives particulalary difficult, this allows you to address the 'real' issues in your code.

How did you approach the need to increase layers of security? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to assess vulnerabilities and determine mitigation techniques? I used encryption libraries to help encrypt their data using AES. I would use the OWASP tool early and suppress all the false negatives and then work on the problems that are left DURING the SDLC.

How did you ensure the code and software application were functional and secure? After refactoring code, how did you check to see whether you introduced new vulnerabilities? I ensured to code was functional and secure by checking it with the QWASP tool plugin for Maven. I checked to see if I introduced new vulnerabilities the same way nu comparing the before and after reports generated by the tool.

What resources, tools, or coding practices did you employ that you might find helpful in future assignments or tasks? I employed a connector that produced and https website from an http one and feel that may be helpful in future tasks.

Employers sometimes ask for examples of work that you have successfully completed to demonstrate your skills, knowledge, and experience. What from this particular assignment might you want to showcase to a future employer? My encryption method is my most prominent.
